# Discussion of this module from a Business perspective

The Composum AI project enhances content management in Composum Pages by providing AI-assisted features
such as translation, content creation, and SEO keyword suggestion, with potential expansions for to use
the integration in Adobe Experience Manager.

## Possible advantages when using it for your site

The integration can significantly enhance the content creation process by providing
AI-assisted features like translation and content creation. This can help in creating more engaging and diverse
content for your site.

## Aspects that are relevant to consider for using the ChatGPT-Integration for your site

While using the ChatGPT-Integration can provide significant benefits, the following aspects have to be weighted.
This document will discuss these in turn:

1. **Cost and Resource Consideration**: Using OpenAI's ChatGPT API does have a cost, though that's likely quite
   small in comparison to the time saved when creating the content.

2. **Data Privacy and Security**: As the integration involves processing text data with an external AI model, it's
   crucial to consider the data privacy and security implications. You should ensure that the use of the integration
   complies with all relevant data protection regulations.

3. **Quality of AI Outputs**: While AI can assist in content creation, the quality of the outputs can vary. It's
   important to have a review process in place to ensure the quality of the content generated by the AI.

## Quality of AI Outputs

As with all artificial intelligence based services, you need to be aware that AIs currently sometimes create content
that is wrong though it might even look right on the first glance. So it is important to manually check all output
before using it. However, this is a natural consequence of using this module in the editing process, if the editor 
is aware of that.

## Pricing of the external OpenAI ChatGPT completion service and it's competitors.

As of 6/2023, the [OpenAI](https://openai.com/pricing) prices are at $0.002 for 1K tokens, a token being roughly a 
3/4 of a word on average. Thus, the cost of a request is less than one cent, which is in the current usecases 
insignificant in comparison to human costs.

It is also available from Microsoft as
[Azure OpenAI service](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/chatgpt-is-now-available-in-azure-openai-service/), apparently at the same price.

## Data privacy and Security

In it's [API usage policies](https://openai.com/policies/api-data-usage-policies), OpenAI will not use the API data 
except when explicitly agreed by the customer, and that the data is retained for 30 days for investigation of 
suspected abuse only. (Please note: this applies to the Chat Completion API used in this project; the ChatGPT 
https://chat.openai.com/ UI is different.)
